Modify rule S6500: Adjust title and wording (#1742)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6500/description.adoc

Installing recommended packages automatically can lead to vulnerabilities in the
Docker image.

Potentially unnecessary packages are installed via a known Debian package

> manager. These packages might contain vulnerabilities, thus weakening the
> overall security posture of the created containers. +

Reviewer: It might not be clear why packages from a trusted source can contain vulnerabilities. I would add some details here.
```suggestion
manager. These packages will increase the attack surface of the created container. Indeed, they might contain unidentified vulnerabilities or malicious code. Those packages could be used as part of a broader supply chain attack. In general, the more packages are installed on a container, the weaker its security posture is. +
```

Author: I applied it, just slightly rewritten.
